Update Maintain Errors (#892)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/maintain-errors.md

| ExhaustsResources  | There aren't enough resources left in the current block to submit this transaction.                          | Try again in the next block.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |
| Payment            | Unable to pay for TX fee.                                                                                    | You might not have enough free balance to cover the fee this transaction would incur.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |

> | Temporarily banned | The transaction is temporarily banned.                                                                       | The tx is already in pool. Try on a different node and wait.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Temporarily banned | The transaction is temporarily banned.                                                                       | The tx is already in pool. Either try on a different node, or wait to see if the initial transaction goes through.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |
```

Author: What change is new in this suggestion? I don't see a difference 🤔

Reviewer: Scroll to the right =)

Author: AH i didn't see the scrollbar 😂
